add cta to blogs (#712)
pingcap/blog: rust-huge-compilation-units.md

The Rust programming language compiles fast software slowly.

> In this series we explore Rust's compile times within the context of [TiKV](ttps://github.com/tikv/tikv), the key-value store behind the [TiDB](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/v4.0/overview) database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this series we explore Rust's compile times within the context of [TiKV](ttps://github.com/tikv/tikv), the key-value store behind the [TiDB](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/overview) database.
```
